c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Hosts.Web.dll.config
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Hosts.Web.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Hosts.Web.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Business.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Data.Agents.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Data.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Entities.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Framework.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Services.Contracts.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Services.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Services.Http.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Workflows.Activities.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Workflows.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Business.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Workflows.Activities.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Workflows.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Data.Agents.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Data.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Services.Contracts.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Services.Http.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Services.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Entities.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\TR.Framework.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\obj\Debug\TR.Hosts.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\obj\Debug\TR.Hosts.Web.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\obj\Debug\TR.Hosts.Web.pdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\MK.Framework.ACE.Entities.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\MK.Framework.ACE.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\MK.Framework.SNE.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\MK.Framework.SNE.Entities.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\MK.Framework.SNE.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\MK.Framework.SNE.Entities.xml
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\MK.Framework.AE.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\MK.Framework.DXE.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\MK.Framework.DXE.Entities.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Microsoft.SqlServer.ManagedDTS.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Microsoft.SqlServer.DTSRuntimeWrap.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Microsoft.SqlServer.FileSystemTask.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Microsoft.SqlServer.SendMailTask.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Microsoft.SqlServer.PipelineHost.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TR\Hosts\TR.Hosts.Web\bin\Microsoft.SqlServer.DTSPipelineWrap.dll
